Traffic control devices flags (#706)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

* MapboxDirections now requires [Turf v2.4](https://github.com/mapbox/turf-swift/releases/tag/v2.4.0). ([#703](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/703))
* Added the `RouteOptions.maximumWeight` property to compute routes that excludes roads with a lower weight limit. ([#694](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/694))
* Added `Route.refreshLegIncidents(from:)` method to allow refreshing `RouteLeg.incidents` during a route refresh. ([#704](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/704))

> * Added `railwayCrossing`, `trafficSignal`, `stopSign` and `yieldSign` properties to `Intersection` object to flag corresponding traffic control devices installed. ([#706](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/706))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Intersection.railwayCrossing`, `Intersection.trafficSignal`, `Intersection.stopSign` and `Intersection.yieldSign` properties to indicate the kind of traffic control devices at an intersection along the route. ([#706](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/706))
```
